[DJM] Document custom host tags env variables (#28577)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

1. Click **Save Databricks Workspace** at the bottom of the browser window.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-data-jobs-monitoring-existing.png" alt="In the Datadog-Databricks integration tile, Datadog Agent Setup for a Databricks workspace already added to the integration. Datadog can install and manage a global init script." style="width:100%;" >}}

> Optionally, you can add custom host tags to your Databricks clusters by configuring the following environment variable in the Advanced Configuration section of your cluster in the Databricks UI or as [Spark env vars][2] with the Databricks API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can add tags to your Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics by configuring the following environment variable in the Advanced Configuration section of your cluster in the Databricks UI or as [Spark env vars][2] with the Databricks API:
```

Reviewer: @aboitreaud what API are you referring to at the end: "with the Databricks API" ?

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      | Default |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|

> | DD_TAGS                  | Add host tags to Databricks clusters. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][1]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

Reviewer: @aboitreaud do we actually want this as the method for showing how to set `env`? Isn't that `DD_ENV` ?

   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-data-jobs-monitoring-existing.png" alt="In the Datadog-Databricks integration tile, Datadog Agent Setup for a Databricks workspace already added to the integration. Datadog can install and manage a global init script." style="width:100%;" >}}

Optionally, you can add tags to your Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics by configuring the following environment variable in the Advanced Configuration section of your cluster in the Databricks UI or as [Spark env vars][2] with the Databricks API:

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][1]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |

> | DD_ENV                   | Scoping of application specific data across metrics, traces, and logs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster. |
```

| DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE     | Name of your Databricks Workspace. It should match the name provided in the [Datadog-Databricks integration step](#configure-the-datadog-databricks-integration). Enclose the name in double quotes if it contains whitespace. |         |
| DRIVER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark driver logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                          | false   |
| WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark workers logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                         | false   |

> | DD_TAGS                  | Add host tags to Databricks clusters. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
```

| DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE     | Name of your Databricks Workspace. It should match the name provided in the [Datadog-Databricks integration step](#configure-the-datadog-databricks-integration). Enclose the name in double quotes if it contains whitespace. |         |
| DRIVER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark driver logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                          | false   |
| WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark workers logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                         | false   |
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

> | DD_ENV                   | Scoping of application specific data across metrics, traces, and logs.                                                                                          |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.                                                                                          |         |
```

| DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE     | Name of your Databricks Workspace. It should match the name provided in the [Datadog-Databricks integration step](#configure-the-datadog-databricks-integration). Enclose the name in double quotes if it contains whitespace. |         |
| DRIVER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark driver logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                          | false   |
| WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark workers logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                         | false   |
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

> | DD_ENV                   | Scoping of application specific data across metrics, traces, and logs.                                                                                          |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.                                                                                          |         |
```
